From laughfactory.com

A husband and wife are trying to set up a new password for their computer. The
husband puts, "Mypenis," and the wife falls on the ground laughing because on
the screen it says, "Error. Not long enough."

The teacher asked Jimmy, "Why is your cat at school today Jimmy?" Jimmy replied
crying, "Because I heard my daddy tell my mommy, 'I am going to eat that p*ssy
once Jimmy leaves for school today!'"

A teacher is teaching a class and she sees that Johnny isn't paying attention,
so she asks him, "If there are three ducks sitting on a fence, and you shoot
one, how many are left?" Johnny says, "None." The teacher asks, "Why?" Johnny
says, "Because the shot scared them all off." The teacher says, "No, two, but
I like how you're thinking." Johnny asks the teacher, "If you see three women
walking out of an ice cream parlor, one is licking her ice cream, one is
sucking her ice cream, and one is biting her ice cream, which one is married?"
The teacher says, "The one sucking her ice cream." Johnny says, "No, the one
with the wedding ring, but I like how you're thinking!"

A family is at the dinner table. The son asks the father, "Dad, how many kinds
of boobs are there?" The father, surprised, answers, "Well, son, a woman goes
through three phases. In her 20s, a woman's breasts are like melons, round and
firm. In her 30s and 40s, they are like pears, still nice, hanging a bit.
After 50, they are like onions." "Onions?" the son asks. "Yes. You see them
and they make you cry." This infuriated his wife and daughter. The daughter
asks, "Mom, how many different kinds of willies are there?" The mother smiles
and says, "Well, dear, a man goes through three phases also. In his 20s, his
willy is like an oak tree, mighty and hard. In his 30s and 40s, it's like a
birch, flexible but reliable. After his 50s, it's like a Christmas tree." "A
Christmas tree?" the daughter asks. "Yes, dead from the root up and the balls
are just for decoration."

Why did I get divorced? Well, last week was my birthday. My wife didn't wish
me a happy birthday. My parents forgot and so did my kids. I went to work and
even my colleagues didn't wish me a happy birthday. As I entered my office, my
secretary said, "Happy birthday, boss!" I felt so special. She asked me out
for lunch. After lunch, she invited me to her apartment. We went there and she
said, "Do you mind if I go into the bedroom for a minute?" "Okay," I said. She
came out 5 minutes later with a birthday cake, my wife, my parents, my kids,
my friends, & my colleagues all yelling, "SURPRISE!!!" while I was waiting on
the sofa... naked.
